Welcome, in this video, we're going to look at the release page
and also then delete our release. I'm currently logged into GitHub,
and on the website GitHub repository. Specifically, I'm within Releases.
We just created a "Release 0.3 BETA". If I click on the title,
it takes me to a release page about this release specifically.
And, similar to the tags page, it lists the name of the release,
the tag associated, the commit id associated,
whether or not this is a full release or pre-release,
and other information about this release.
I have the option to edit this release, which we've covered before,
and I also have the option to delete this release.
One thing to keep in mind is, if you delete a release
it doesn't mean you delete the underlying tag associated with it.
Let's try that out, click on the "Delete" button.
GitHub will warn you, "Are you sure you want to delete this release?"
Click on the "Delete this release" button.
Great, so now we're back, but we still have this listed under releases.
And that's because, by default, the releases tab
will simply list out all the tags in GitHub,
which is not that much different than the tags tab.
In order to fully get rid of both the release notes and the tag,
we still need to come in and then click on the tag to go the tag page,
and then click on "Delete" here as well. Once you're happy, click on "Delete this tag".
Great, now refresh your page; now we're left with just two tags, stable and unstable.